c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.exe
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\WpfOxyPlot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.g.resources
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.exe
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\obj\x86\Debug\WpfOxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\kolan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfOxyPlot\WpfOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
